## Software Usage Instruction
1. Preparation: Download the APK of this system and install it on your Android phone.Or download the source code of this project, import it into Android studio, and run theprogram through its own emulator.
2. Open the software and first obtain the specific permissions required by the system bydynamically applying for permissions. Restart the app after completion, and all videos inthe local system will be displayed on the home page. Users can view all videos by swipingup and down. You can drag the text box up and down to see the parts of the text thatare not displayed.
3. Click the three-point button on the right to bring up the bottom dialog box. Thebottom dialog box contains 3 operations that the user can choose: 
  1. Play the video 
  2. Insert or update the database 
  3. Delete the video. 
4. In the video player, touch the screento activate the controller, touch again to hide the controller. Different functions can beachieved by clicking different buttons: you can drag the video progress bar, fast forward,rewind, pause, play, screen orientation, and change the playback speed.
5. You can choose to insert or update video information on the database page. The firsttime to insert and click to save, but the second time to modify the same video, click toupdate.
6. The delete video function will trigger a dialog box, and the user can follow the dialogbox to perform operations.
7. In the bottom navigation bar, user can navigate to different function pages by clickingthe corresponding icons.
8. Video recording function: Users can switch the recording video speed by clicking thebuttons of different speed modes.
9. Search function: The user can query the video by typing in the title of the video, andan auto-completion prompt box will pop up when entering the first letter. Users can alsouse 3 different buttons to find collections of videos with different ratings.
10. For testing and evaluating part, the developer should follow the instruction to makesure all the project permissions and dependencies are set up which already listed in chapter4.6.
